hey what's going on y'all I want to show
you my awesome heirloom tomatoes that
started coming in I got some other
Tomatoes too but they're not heirlooms
either heirlooms here's one that's not
quite ripe yet it's mr. stripey there's
only one other one on the plan out there
I never did trim that plant I never
pruned it so there's only two Tomatoes
this one that I pulled off just to be
safe I'm gonna let it ripen inside the
other one still out there hopefully the
little creatures will eat it here's a
homestead I have a lot of these growing
out there so that's good I got a few in
here I picked a little early so it can
ripe inside this is a purple Cherokee um
never had one of these near Hades before
here's another purple Cherokee that's
kind of got a weird look to it there's
quite a few out there of these on the
tree on the plant tomato plant so that's
good this is a Black Prince see it's got
some cracks on it this is the only one
that had cracks the rest all these have
some cracks the first ones had crack
because of my watering the wrong way but
they don't have cracks anymore like all
the rest are going to come crack free
like this one it's a Black Prince
most of the black Prince's look like
this and not like this see there's a
different shape it look like different
kind of tomatoes but there's this is the
best plant that I have out there it's
got lots of black prints tomatoes
growing and I have I took some plants
and clippings off and I'm gonna plant
some more of these guys right here
because they're doing really well see
how they taste okay so these are my
first heirloom tomatoes that I've ever
had and they're really good this is a
Black Prince right here the colors off
the white I kind of got the white
balance off a little I'll fix it a
little well but this plant has a lot of
tomatoes on it and they're all doing
really good it's doing the best out of
any tomato plant I have
the fruit I tried it and it tastes
really delicious and for the number that
are growing this is a definite winner
for my yard now I'm going to grow more
of these I have some cuttings already in
the ground that have rooted they're
really they're really really good and
here's more what the color they look
like kinda just eating this whole thing
even even where the stem was I forgot to
cut it off and it's just kind of ate it
cuz they're so good very creamy inside
very sweet delicious
so first heirloom I've ever had I heard
a lot of stuff on the internet about how
heirlooms are the best they're better
than the hybrids and all that stuff in
terms of taste but you know I have some
celebrity hybrids growing and I have
Bonnie original I don't know if that's a
hybrid or not but those are good too I
mean not they might even be better than
these even though these are delicious
but those celebrity Tomatoes are man
they're really good this one is a purple
Cherokee purple purple Cherokee and it
it has quite a few growing out there
they have there's some big ones growing
out there too there's one that's really
big that I hope will come in I'm letting
it ripen outside this one tastes um I
think it tastes a little better than the
Black Prince and it's a little bit it
tastes a little sweeter but still I
don't know if it's better than the
celebrity or the Bonnie original so I
still have to try a mr. stripey and I
still have to try and homestead those
are the other two heirlooms I have
growing but right now I'd say my
favorites that I have growing or the
celebrity bonnie original purple
Cherokee black prints but in terms of
production and still tasting great black
prints is working for me because it has
the most
okay in other news my garden is doing
really good I've been harvesting lots of
cantaloupe the sweetest cantaloupe and
some watermelon and I've been eating a
lot of tomatoes and watermelon
cantaloupe pineapple the last couple of
weeks like the majority of my diet we
need meat too but I'm getting I'm liking
this stuff man all the prices are cheap
right now too